LAST TIME ON "YU-GI-OH! GX"...
WHO'S THERE?
HELLO? HUH?
JADEN, I DON'T
HAVE MUCH TIME,
SO LISTEN CLOSELY.
TAKE THIS
AND PROTECT IT.
HUH?
AND PLEASE,
NO MATTER WHAT
ANYONE TELLS YOU,
NEVER RETURN IT
TO ME.
THE LIGHT IS COMING.
WHAT DO YOU WANT?
ASTER, WE WERE
FRIENDS ONCE.
I UNDERSTAND THAT YOU
CAN'T TRUST ME ANYMORE,
BUT I TRUST YOU.
NOW PLEASE TAKE THIS
AND GUARD IT WITH YOUR LIFE.
BUT WHAT IS IT?
GOOD-BYE.
WHERE ARE THE KEYS?
WE NEED THEM
TO UNLOCK THE SATELLITE.
NOW WHO HAS THEM?
WHY THE CHOSEN
DUELISTS, OF COURSE.
I KNEW I WASN'T
STRONG ENOUGH
TO FIGHT YOU.
SO I SIMPLY GAVE
THE KEYS TO SOMEONE
WHO IS.
THEY CAN'T STOP ME.
NOBODY CAN.
WHEN I'M THROUGH
WITH JADEN AND ASTER,
THEY SHALL SEE THE LIGHT.
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH
YOUR CREW IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL, BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOTTA
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES, HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GENERATION NEXT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE SOMEHOW ♪
♪ YEAH, YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
DID YOU FIND WHAT YOU
WERE LOOKING FOR?
WELL, YOU KNOW,
THE DESTINY CARD.
YES. AND I FOUND
SOMETHING ELSE,
MY FATHER!
YOUR WHAT?
Aster, voice-over:
I PROMISE I WON'T
LET YOU DOWN, POP.
BECAUSE OF ME, THE MOST
DESTRUCTIVE POWER IN
THE UNIVERSE IS FREE.
YOU HAVE TO STOP IT, SON!
BUT HOW?
THE D IS JUST A PAWN.
THE TRUE EVIL EXISTS
IN--INSIDE SARTORIUS!
IT DOES?
BUT SARTORIUS HAS
BEEN MY FRIEND
EVER SINCE I WAS A KID!
WHAT'S THAT CARD?
IT SYMBOLIZES
SALVATION AND HOPE.
AND THE BEST PART IS
THIS CARD REPRESENTS
YOU, ASTER!
IT MEANS THAT
SOMEDAY SOMEONE
WILL NEED YOU,
AND YOU'RE GONNA
SAVE THEM!
YOU'RE A HERO!
IT'S TRUE.
HERO? BUT WHO WILL I
SAVE, SARTORIUS?
I CAN'T SAY.
COME ON!
ALL RIGHT,
I'LL TELL YOU.
BUT YOU'RE NOT
GONNA LIKE THIS.
IT SEEMS THE PERSON
THAT YOU'RE GOING
TO SAVE IS ME.
I TOOK A LOOK
AT MY FUTURE,
AND IT LOOKS BLEAK.
MY DESTINY
IS FILLED WITH
TEMPTATION AND EVIL.
AND SOMEDAY,
I'M GONNA NEED YOU
TO RESCUE ME!
ME? BUT WHY?
I MEAN, WHAT CAN I DO?
IS IT POSSIBLE YOU JUST
READ THE CARDS WRONG?
NO, ASTER.
BUT I DON'T WANT ANYTHING
TO HAPPEN TO YOU.
IT WON'T, BECAUSE
YOU'RE GOING
TO SAVE ME!
SHEPPARD, YOU
HAVE TO TAKE ME
TO THE WHITE DORM
SO I CAN FACE SARTORIUS!
ASTER.
I KNOW. IT'S
TOO DANGEROUS, RIGHT?
BUT HE NEEDS ME!
TAKE US DOWN!
NO WAY, KID!
THEN I'LL LAND MY WAY!
ASTER!
ASTER, PLEASE DON'T!
BE CAREFUL!
[THUNDER]
AAH!
UH!
Hassleberry: LOOK! AIN'T
THAT SHEPPARD'S COPTER?
IT WAS!
Jaden: COME ON!
NOW WHAT?
UH, BEATS ME.
WELL, CALL FOR HELP!
Jaden: CHANCELLOR!
WHAT HAPPENED?
WE WERE STRUCK
BY LIGHTNING
RIGHT AFTER ASTER PHOENIX
MADE A JUMP FOR IT
TO DUEL SARTORIUS!
NO WAY!
SAM HILL!
I KNOW, RIGHT?
CAN YOU BELIEVE WE WERE
STRUCK BY LIGHTNING?
ALL RIGHT, LET'S GO, GUYS!
HURRY! ASTER NEEDS OUR HELP!
Chancellor: ASTER?
WHAT ABOUT ME?
YOU CAN'T HIDE FROM ME!
WELCOME!
GLAD YOU COULD
MAKE IT, ASTER.
[CHUCKLES SINISTERLY]
SARTORIUS!
JUST THE MAN I
WAS LOOKING FOR!
SURPRISED?
WHY WOULD I BE?
IN CASE YOU'VE FORGOTTEN,
PREDICTING THE FUTURE
IS MY SPECIALTY.
OH, YEAH? DID YOU
PREDICT I'D BRING THIS?
DID YOU? IT'S PLASMA--
THE CARD MY FATHER
DESIGNED.
BUT I GUESS YOU KNEW
THAT ALREADY!
YOU KNOW EVERYTHING,
DON'T YOU?
IN FACT, YOU'RE
THE ONE WHO
CAUSED ALL THIS!
THERE WAS
SOMETHING EVIL
INSIDE THAT CARD--
THE LIGHT
OF DESTRUCTION!
AND WHEN THE D GAVE
THAT CARD TO YOU,
YOU BECAME POSSESSED
BY THE LIGHT!
GUESS WHAT!
IT ALL ENDS HERE,
'CAUSE I'M SETTING
YOU FREE!
HEH HEH. ASTER, WHAT MAKES
YOU THINK THE LIGHT'S EVIL?
BECAUSE IT TOOK
MY FATHER FROM ME,
THAT'S WHY!
THAT'S NONSENSE.
THE TRUTH IS THAT
THE UNIVERSE CONSISTS OF
LIGHT ENERGY AND DARKNESS,
AND SOMETIMES THAT
LIGHT NEEDS TO ESCAPE.
EVERY SO OFTEN, SURGES OF
LIGHT COLLIDE WITH EARTH.
IN THE CASE
OF YOUR FATHER,
THIS PARTICULAR
PULSE OF LIGHT INHABITED
HIS DESTINY CARD.
NOW FOR THE FUN PART,
WHERE I COME IN.
GRR!
NOW, NOW.
I'M JUST TELLING IT
LIKE IT IS.
AFTER YOUR FATHER'S
UNFORTUNATE ACCIDENT,
THE D BROUGHT
HIS CARD TO ME.
I WAS A MODEST
FORTUNE TELLER AT THE TIME,
BUT HE THOUGHT I MIGHT
UNLOCK ITS SECRETS.
HOWEVER, WITHIN ME,
THE LIGHT FOUND ITS HOST,
ITS PERMANENT HOME,
IF YOU WILL.
TOGETHER WE WOULD HERALD
A NEW AGE UNTO THE PLANET!
OUR WORLD IS
A FLAWED ONE.
THE LIGHT SOUGHT TO RESTORE
JUSTICE AND PEACE.
ASTER, BELIEVE ME,
IF WE WANT TO SAVE
THIS PLANET FROM
DESTROYING ITSELF,
THERE'S BUT ONE CHOICE:
WE MUST MAKE THE PEOPLE
OF EARTH FORGET
THEY EVER KNEW OF WAR
OR CRIME OR WANT.
AND SO THE LIGHT WILL
ERASE THEIR DARK MINDS!
ALAS, IT'S NOT EASY.
THERE ARE BILLIONS
OF EARTHLINGS.
BUT LUCKILY WE FOUND
A WAY TO REACH THEM ALL
WITH A SINGLE BLAST.
THE SATELLITE!
PRECISELY.
WITH YOUR KEY,
THE WHOLE WORLD WILL
SOON SEE THE LIGHT.
SO JUST HAND IT OVER.
YEAH, RIGHT.
YOU'RE NOT
TALKING ABOUT PEACE!
YOU'RE TALKING
ABOUT ABSOLUTE POWER!
TELL ME...
[SARCASTICALLY]
MASTER...
WHAT WAS SO
IMPORTANT ABOUT
GETTING ME INVOLVED
IN ALL THIS?
SPILL IT!
YOU ALREADY KNOW!
WHAT?
HA HA. I WAS WARNED OF
A CHOSEN ONE,
A CHILD WHO COULD
CHANGE DESTINY.
A CHILD?
A YOUNG BOY
WHO POSSESSES THE POWER
TO EXTINGUISH THE LIGHT.
I THOUGHT
THAT BOY WAS YOU,
BUT I WAS INCORRECT.
SO IT'S JADEN!
HE'S THE ONE THAT'S
DESTINED TO SAVE
THE WORLD, ISN'T HE?
I SHOULD HAVE KNOWN.
SO NOW WHAT HAPPENS
TO ME, HUH?
YOU HAND OVER
THE KEY.
NOT GONNA HAPPEN, DUDE!
DID YA THINK I FORGOT
MY PROMISE?
DID YOU?
I GUESS YOU'RE RIGHT.
AT LEAST YOUR PREDICTION
ABOUT THE FUTURE
HAS A BRIGHT SIDE.
SO WHENEVER YOU NEED ME, I
PROMISE YOU I'LL BE THERE!
Aster, voice-over:
I BET I CAN ONLY
SAVE HIM BY DUELING HIM.
HURRY, ASTER.
OUR FUTURE AWAITS.
NOW HAND OVER THAT KEY.
THIS KEY?
THAT'S RIGHT. THROW IT.
Jaden: ASTER, NO!
YOU CAN'T GO THROUGH
WITH THIS, BRO!
THINK! IF HE GETS
HIS HANDS ON
BOTH OF OUR KEYS,
THEN HE'LL BE ABLE TO
ACTIVATE THAT SATELLITE!
BUT I PROMISED HIM.
YOU PROMISED
HIM WHAT?
THAT IF ANYTHING
HAPPENED TO SARTORIUS,
I'D SAVE HIM.
MONGOOSE TO HEADQUARTERS.
I NEED 100 MORE CCs. STAT.
Man: BACK. STAY BACK,
EVERYONE.
Second man: CAREFUL.
Third man: EASY, NOW.
WHO JUMPS OUT OF
A MOVING HELICOPTER?
ASTER. HE SAID SOMETHING
ABOUT FACING SARTORIUS. JEEZ!
I DON'T KNOW WHAT
HE'S PLANNING TO DO,
BUT IF SARTORIUS GETS
HOLD OF THAT KEY,
WE'RE ALL IN DANGER!
HE'S PLANNING TO USE
THAT SATELLITE TO TURN US
INTO MINDLESS ZOMBIES!
JADEN'S THERE.
HE'LL HELP, I HOPE.
IF YOU'D REALLY LIKE
TO HELP ME,
THEN GIVE ME WHAT'S
RIGHTFULLY MINE!
Jaden: ASTER, PLEASE!
KEEP YOUR KEY AWAY FROM HIM!
ASTER, WHO ARE YOU GOING
TO PUT YOUR FAITH IN,
JADEN OR A FRIEND YOU'VE
TRUSTED SINCE CHILDHOOD?
A FRIEND?
MY FRIEND IS GONE!
AND HE WAS
REPLACED BY
AN EGOMANIACAL FREAK
FROM OUTER SPACE!
AND NOW I'M GONNA
BRING HIM BACK!
[CHUCKLES SINISTERLY]
SORRY, BUT I'VE GROWN
FOND OF THIS BODY.
SO I THINK I'LL STAY!
HEH HEH.
YOU WON'T GET AWAY
WITH THIS!
IS THAT SO?
AND JUST HOW, PRAY TELL,
DO YOU PLAN ON STOPPING ME?
HA HA HA!
TOO BAD.
BUT DESPITE WHAT I
ONCE THOUGHT, YOU HAVE
NO POWER OVER ME.
OH, WELL.
BIG WORDS,
ESPECIALLY BECAUSE
I'M THE ONE
HOLDING THE KEY!
IT LOOKS LIKE
YOU NEED ME!
TOUCHE.
SO NOW WHAT?
WE DUEL!
AH...
WINNER GETS THE KEY!
ASTER, YOU CAN'T!
WAY TO TAKE
MY ADVICE.
LOOK, JAY, DUELING
HIM IS OUR ONLY CHANCE.
IN ORDER TO TRULY FREE
SARTORIUS FROM THE LIGHT,
I HAVE TO DEFEAT HIM
RIGHT HERE AND NOW.
I MADE HIM A PROMISE.
AND I'M NOT ABOUT
TO GO BACK ON MY WORD!
FINE.
[LAUGHING SINISTERLY]
HOW NOBLE!
Together: GAME ON!
THE FIRST MOVE
IS MINE!
I CALL ARCANA FORCE III,
THE EMPRESS!
YIKES! CAREFUL!
THE SPECIAL ABILITIES OF
MY EMPRESS ARE DETERMINED
BY THE POSITION OF
THE CARD ONCE IT STOPS.
THEN STOP!
FOOLISH BOY.
DESTINY HAS
ALREADY PLAYED THIS DUEL,
AND EVERY MOVE
HAS BEEN DETERMINED.
THEREFORE THE CARD
WILL STOP RIGHT-SIDE UP.
HOW?
[CACKLES]
HAVEN'T YOU LEARNED
BY NOW?
YOU'RE NOT IN CONTROL.
DESTINY IS.
AND SINCE THE EMPRESS
IS RIGHT-SIDE UP,
WHEN YOU PLAY A MONSTER,
I CAN SUMMON ANOTHER
ARCANA FORCE CARD!
I'LL CONCLUDE WITH THIS--
ONE CARD FACE-DOWN.
ALL RIGHT,
IT'S ALL YOU.
SO GET YOUR GAME ON!
SOUNDS GOOD!
I'LL START WITH THIS--
A DESTINY HERO!
DIAMOND DUDE, YOU'RE ON!
AND THANKS TO MY EMPRESS CARD,
I CAN PLAY ARCANA FORCE IV,
THE EMPEROR!
COME FORTH
IN ATTACK MODE!
NOW LET'S SEE.
WHAT WILL HIS
SPECIAL ABILITY BE?
LET ME GUESS--
RIGHT-SIDE UP.
WELL, OF COURSE, ASTER.
THEREFORE ALL MY MONSTERS
RECEIVE A BONUS!
NOW THEY'RE STRONGER
BY 500 POINTS!
DIAMOND DUDE HAS
A SPECIAL ABILITY ALSO!
I START BY FLIPPING
OVER THE TOP CARD
ON MY DECK.
AND IF IT HAPPENS TO
BE A SPELL CARD,
THEN NEXT ROUND,
IT'S MINE!
LET'S SEE WHAT FATE
HAS IN STORE FOR ME.
IT'S DESTINY DRAW!
SO I'LL SAVE IT
FOR NEXT ROUND
AND THEN PLAY
THIS FACE-DOWN,
AND THAT'S ALL.
THANK YOU, ASTER!
HA HA HA!
YOU'RE MAKING THIS EVER
SO EASY FOR ME!
I SUMMON ARCANA FORCE VII,
THE CHARIOT!
ROUND AND ROUND IT GOES.
AND WHERE IT STOPS
ONLY DESTINY KNOWS!
RIGHT-SIDE-UP AGAIN!
COME ON, NOW.
CHARIOT, OFFER DIAMOND DUDE
A LESSON IN FIREPOWER!
MASTER BLAST!
YOU TRIGGERED MY TRAP--
DESTINY SIGNAL!
AND THANKS TO THIS CARD,
WHENEVER ONE OF MY
MONSTERS IS DESTROYED,
I'M ALLOWED TO SUMMON
A NEW ONE,
AS LONG AS IT'S
A DESTINY HERO THAT'S
LEVEL 4 OR LESS!
SO I CHOSE DESTINY HERO
DEFENDER!
THAT'S NICE, ASTER.
NOW IF YOU'LL ALLOW
ME TO CONTINUE,
DUE TO THE RIGHT-SIDE UP
ABILITY OF MY CHARIOT,
I CAN RE-SUMMON YOUR
DIAMOND DUDE AS MY OWN!
NOW IT'S YOUR MOVE.
THAT'S A HECK OF
A FRONT LINE!
IT'S LOOKING PRETTY GRIM.
THE DUEL'S YOUNG.
SO CHILL.
TIME TO TAKE CONTROL!
REMEMBER, I FINALLY
GET TO ACTIVATE
MY DESTINY DRAW
FROM LAST ROUND!
SO I SEND A DESTINY HERO
TO MY GRAVEYARD,
AND THEN I GET TO DRAW
TWO MORE CARDS!
NEXT I'LL SUMMON
MY DESTINY HERO DUNKER
IN DEFENSE MODE.
DO YOU KNOW
WHAT THIS MEANS?
I CAN SACRIFICE
MY EMPRESS
AND MY DIAMOND DUDE
TO SUMMON THIS--
ARCANA FORCE XVIII--
THE MOON.
HOW CONVENIENT.
ANOTHER CARD
LANDS RIGHT-SIDE UP.
SO I GET A LITTLE GIFT
DURING MY STAND-BY PHASE.
LOOKS LIKE DESTINY
HAS MY BACK THIS TIME.
ALL RIGHT, SARTORIUS,
YOUR MONSTERS
MAY OUTNUMBER MINE,
BUT YOU'RE FORGETTING
ONE IMPORTANT DETAIL!
REALLY? AND WHAT
WOULD THAT BE?
THAT IT'S
STILL MY TURN.
SO I SEND A CARD
TO THE GRAVEYARD
TO ACTIVATE
DUNKER'S EFFECT--
THE 500-POINT
STRIKE!
THERE YA GO!
HE MAY HAVE A SHOT
AT THIS AFTER ALL!
TOLD YA.
I'LL PLACE
THIS FACE-DOWN,
AND THEN I'M DONE.
BRAVO. YOU MANAGED
TO MAKE CONTACT,
WELL, BARELY.
[CHUCKLES]
NEXT TIME, YOU MAY
ACTUALLY LEAVE A MARK,
IF THERE IS A NEXT TIME.
ON WITH THE SHOW.
SO DID I MENTION
THAT WHEN DEFENDER
IS IN DEFENSE MODE, ITS
SPECIAL ABILITY ACTIVATES?
SO I CAN DRAW
ONE MORE CARD!
NOW, REMEMBER THAT
LITTLE GIFT I
MENTIONED EARLIER?
WELL, IT'S ABOUT TO
MAKE ITS BIG SPLASH!
AND THEN I'LL SACRIFICE IT
ALONG WITH MY CHARIOT!
NOW I'M ABLE TO SUMMON
THIS FROM MY HAND--
ARCANA FORCE XXI--
KNOWN AS THE WORLD.
Jaden: THAT'S HIS MOST
POWERFUL CARD YET, GUYS!
AND IT'S RIGHT-SIDE UP!
BUT I'LL SAVE
THAT FOR LATER.
FIRST, MY EMPEROR AND MY MOON
WILL LAUNCH AN ATTACK!
OH, NO!
NOW HE'S GOT
NO DEFENSE!
OBSERVANT!
ARCANA XXI, ATTACK!
I DON'T THINK SO,
'CAUSE I'VE GOT
A TRAP!
IT'S CALLED D-FORTUNE,
AND YOUR DIRECT
ATTACK ACTIVATED IT.
SO ALL I HAVE TO DO
IS REMOVE
ONE OF MY DESTINY HEROES
FROM THE GAME
AND YOUR ATTACK
IS CANCELED.
FINE. YOU LEAVE ME
NO CHOICE.
I SEND TWO OF MY MONSTERS
TO THE GRAVEYARD,
SO I CAN ACTIVATE
THE SPECIAL ABILITY
OF THE WORLD.
SORRY, ASTER, BUT YOU
LOSE YOUR TURN!
COME AGAIN?
NOW IF YOU'LL EXCUSE ME,
I'VE GOT A DUEL TO WIN!
AND I WILL WITH THIS!
ASTER, FACE
YOUR DESTINY!
ARCANA FORCE XXI, ATTACK!
ASTER!
Sartorius, thinking:
POOR ASTER. YOU'D
SURRENDER YOUR KEY NOW
IF YOU KNEW WHAT I HAD
IN STORE FOR YOU.
NO ONE CAN DEFEAT
THE LIGHT!
SO ANY LAST WORDS BEFORE
I FINISH YOU OFF?
BRING IT ON.
[SARTORIUS LAUGHING SINISTERLY]
♪ CHILLING
OUT WITH YOUR CREW ♪
♪ IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING
TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL, BACK AT
CLASS, THEY NEVER
TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS
YOU GOTTA LEARN
HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES,
HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM
ON TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET
YOUR GAME ON ♪